docs/resources/dns_zone_record.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "technitium_dns_zone_record Resource - technitium"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# technitium_dns_zone_record (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "technitium_dns_zone" "example" {
  name                       = "example3.com"
  type                       = "Primary"
  use_soa_serial_date_scheme = true
}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "cname" {
  zone     = technitium_dns_zone.example.name
  domain   = "cname.${technitium_dns_zone.example.name}"
  type     = "CNAME"
  cname    = "other.example3.com"
  comments = "This is a test CNAME record"
  ttl      = "420"

  depends_on = [technitium_dns_zone.example]

}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "a" {
  domain     = "testa.example3.com"
  type       = "A"
  ip_address = "1.1.1.1"
  comments   = "This is a test A record"
  ttl        = "420"

  depends_on = [technitium_dns_zone.example]

}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "app" {
  zone        = technitium_dns_zone.example.name
  domain      = "test.${technitium_dns_zone.example.name}"
  type        = "APP"
  app_name    = "NO DATA"
  class_path  = "NoData.App"
  record_data = <<EOT
  {
    "blockedTypes": [
      "HTTPS"
    ]
  }
  EOT
  depends_on  = [technitium_dns_zone.example]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String)
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record. Valid values are [`A`, `AAAA`, `NS`, `CNAME`, `PTR`, `MX`, `TXT`, `SRV`, `DNAME`, `DS`, `SSHFP`, `TLSA`, `SVCB`, `HTTPS`, `URI`, `CAA`] and proprietary types [`ANAME`, `FWD`, `APP`].

### Optional

- `app_name` (String) DNS app name, required for `APP` records
- `class_path` (String) DNS app class path
- `cname` (String)
- `comments` (String)
- `create_ptr_zone` (Boolean)
- `dnssec_validation` (Boolean)
- `exchange` (String) The exchange domain name. This option is required for adding MX record.
- `expiry_ttl` (Number)
- `forwarder` (String) The forwarder address. A special value of `this-server` can be used to directly forward requests internally to the DNS server. This parameter is required for adding the FWD record.
- `forwarder_priority` (Number)
- `ip_address` (String)
- `name_server` (String)
- `preference` (Number) This is the preference value for MX record type. This option is required for adding MX record.
- `protocol` (String) This parameter is required for adding the FWD record. Valid values are [`Udp`, `Tcp`, `Tls`, `Https`, `Quic`].
- `proxy_address` (String)
- `proxy_password` (String)
- `proxy_port` (Number)
- `proxy_type` (String) The type of proxy to be used for conditional forwarding. Valid values are [`NoProxy`, `DefaultProxy`, `Http`, `Socks5`].
- `proxy_username` (String)
- `ptr` (String)
- `ptr_name` (String)
- `record_data` (String) DNS app record data
- `split_text` (String) Set to true for using new line char to split text into multiple character-strings for adding TXT record.
- `text` (String) The text data for TXT record. This option is required for adding TXT record.
- `ttl` (Number) The time-to-live (TTL) for the DNS record in seconds
- `update_svcb_hints` (Boolean)
- `zone` (String)

Commit message:

fix: Drift detection for dns zone record

docs/resources/dns_zone_record.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "technitium_dns_zone_record Resource - technitium"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# technitium_dns_zone_record (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "technitium_dns_zone" "example" {
  name                       = "example3.com"
  type                       = "Primary"
  use_soa_serial_date_scheme = true
}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "cname" {
  zone     = technitium_dns_zone.example.name
  domain   = "cname.${technitium_dns_zone.example.name}"
  type     = "CNAME"
  cname    = "other.example3.com"
  comments = "This is a test CNAME record"
  ttl      = "420"

  depends_on = [technitium_dns_zone.example]

}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "a" {
  domain     = "testa.example3.com"
  type       = "A"
  ip_address = "1.1.1.1"
  comments   = "This is a test A record"
  ttl        = "420"

  depends_on = [technitium_dns_zone.example]

}

resource "technitium_dns_zone_record" "app" {
  zone        = technitium_dns_zone.example.name
  domain      = "test.${technitium_dns_zone.example.name}"
  type        = "APP"
  app_name    = "NO DATA"
  class_path  = "NoData.App"
  record_data = <<EOT
  {
    "blockedTypes": [
      "HTTPS"
    ]
  }
  EOT
  depends_on  = [technitium_dns_zone.example]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String)
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record. Valid values are [`A`, `AAAA`, `NS`, `CNAME`, `PTR`, `MX`, `TXT`, `SRV`, `DNAME`, `DS`, `SSHFP`, `TLSA`, `SVCB`, `HTTPS`, `URI`, `CAA`] and proprietary types [`ANAME`, `FWD`, `APP`].

### Optional

- `app_name` (String) DNS app name, required for `APP` records
- `class_path` (String) DNS app class path
- `cname` (String)
- `comments` (String)
- `create_ptr_zone` (Boolean)
- `disabled` (Boolean) Set to true to disable the DNS record. Default is false.
- `dnssec_validation` (Boolean)
- `exchange` (String) The exchange domain name. This option is required for adding MX record.
- `expiry_ttl` (Number)
- `forwarder` (String) The forwarder address. A special value of `this-server` can be used to directly forward requests internally to the DNS server. This parameter is required for adding the FWD record.
- `forwarder_priority` (Number)
- `ip_address` (String)
- `name_server` (String)
- `preference` (Number) This is the preference value for MX record type. This option is required for adding MX record.
- `protocol` (String) This parameter is required for adding the FWD record. Valid values are [`Udp`, `Tcp`, `Tls`, `Https`, `Quic`].
- `proxy_address` (String)
- `proxy_password` (String)
- `proxy_port` (Number)
- `proxy_type` (String) The type of proxy to be used for conditional forwarding. Valid values are [`NoProxy`, `DefaultProxy`, `Http`, `Socks5`].
- `proxy_username` (String)
- `ptr` (String)
- `ptr_name` (String)
- `record_data` (String) DNS app record data
- `split_text` (String) Set to true for using new line char to split text into multiple character-strings for adding TXT record.
- `text` (String) The text data for TXT record. This option is required for adding TXT record.
- `ttl` (Number) The time-to-live (TTL) for the DNS record in seconds
- `update_svcb_hints` (Boolean)
- `zone` (String)
